guys welcome back to another vlog my
till today and I'm not lying to people
you're meant to go to school and AM
ultimate to do work the spirits today
but I much else a car really like is if
I don't know so I out me laugh and
potluck today I just filmed I need I
actually need to film AF Safety him a
computer cycling a video going what it
turned out put a touch them I don't take
vision today and we'll do like a clip
management video a torch a couple views
on like your tires or because that's
working I don't to do positive it
properly every but yeah I must have a
shower now cuz I got out of bed and so
yeah as you guys in the world so guys
now I'm ready now it doesn't take video
like a key management video at least
keyboard I so let's get ready to film
video but on cable tonight review this
talk I've done I've put these if times
along so fashion bags put the zip ties
along here I've got a black hole cable a
hot what powers your PC
you've got like along the side of the
leg of desktop table and got it running
roads through the power oxygen and go
over into the power point and the power
pattern I think this will be in the vlog
emotional do a daily take video is a
finishes like part of blog Howard how I
am doing my cable management above a
desk guitar like a waste of the war
Sokka like get back and redo all the
cables and put all zip ties on so let's
do it somewhat customers and something
still see quite like the desk is here
you can still see cables running across
from here by working with cable ties
cable ties back here
beeps are dark romantic or people's look
and you've got basically got couple ties
down here when in the parking or down
into there
well it doesn't matter than the force
that's always good
oppose it world what he wasn't really
summit loose went better than before
that's cool yeah someone can to that set
up a cable ties I'll leave a link down
below these cable ties either sometimes
a lot laughs I'll finally go out walking
do with them look the rest of the cable
ties and a really cool I hope you enjoy
okay I hope you enjoyed this video the
Taylor this daily tech new video in this
vlog your sorry guys but yes this vlog I
love the link to be uploaded to
technical issues but I Wi-Fi actively
upload the video with our Wi-Fi and
cyber like guys but I promise you seen
this video that video you like and just
be alive a little bit later this guy's
own words entity the data Zolciak hope
you guys enjoyed it and yeah if you did
please if you did enjoy the video please
leave a like down below I hope you guys
enjoyed the video with the daily tech
video using these and cable ties these
zip ties in the video
I sense a bunch it looks a lot better
hands cleaner it idea the button bottles
under my desk and so if you do enjoy the
video and please leave like down below
and and if you neurons this channel
please subscribe it means a lot I've
actually got some to tell you guys might
say no I'm gonna say to my log I'll say
now and but yeah they said guys a
youtuber called Dennis Roady cool pranks
he follows me on Twitter I that is
amazing I put a picture on screen now
and because it is such a fun day on tour
- so I'm like over the moon sit on it if
she doesn't form a Twitter and Twitter's
down below but also Bob a kid was like
looking cool parodies all of his songs
I probably won the fighting shape over
here that was probably like a really
funny one alive that one and it's like I
feel it coming one that was really good
one as well I like is like parodies and
yeah I'll pictures on screen now see and
they're like proof I just follow me and
settle down below my snapchat when
YouTube made you to turn up chat down
there down below but yes guys each other
if you don't please Li like down below
because it's breached its appreciated a
lot you guys are the tentative do pocket
Nancy goes in sighs
[Music]